Welcome to Moviecaps.
Today I will show you a Horror, Mystery, Thriller
film from 2017, titled Get Out.
Spoilers ahead!
Watch out and take care.
Rose arrives at her photographer boyfriend
Chris's apartment with pastries and coffee.
They're getting ready to go away for the weekend
to visit her family and he's concerned that
they don't know she's dating a black guy.
She assures him that, while they will likely
say some stupid things, they are incredibly
progressive.
Her dad would have even voted for Obama a
third time if he could have.
Chris asks if he's the only black guy she’s
ever dated and she says he is, but she's confident
that her parents will be totally cool.
On the ride to her parent’s home, Chris
goes for a cigarette, but Rose takes it and
throws it out the window, warning that her
parents would hate that she dates a smoker.
Chris calls his buddy Rod, a TSA agent at
the local airport, and reminds him to take
care of his dog and not to feed him "people
food."
Rod, disapproving of Chris dating a white
woman, berates him and says visiting the white
folk is a bad idea.
He also flirts a bit with Rose, and Rose thinks
it's sweet when Chris gets a bit jealous.
While they're deep in conversation and not
entirely paying attention to the road, a deer
darts out in front of the car and gets hit.
They pull over to investigate and call the
police, who ask what they're doing in the
area.
Rose tells them that they're visiting her
family who live nearby.
The officer asks to see Chris's ID, but Rose
steps in and says that because he wasn't driving
there's no need for that.
The officer lets them go, and Chris tells
Rose that it was hot the way she stood up
for him to the racist policeman.
Chris and Rose arrive at her parent’s home
and are greeted with a warm welcome.
Her father, Dean Armitage, is a neurosurgeon
who tells Chris that he would have voted for
Obama a third time if he could have.
Her mother, Missy Armitage, is a hypnotherapist.
While Dean is giving a tour of his house,
he introduces Chris to Georgina, the housekeeper,
and Walter, the groundskeeper.
Dean acknowledges that it looks bad, two wealthy
white people having two helpers who are black,
but they were hired to take care of his parents
and Dean would have felt bad letting them
go.
They all get together for afternoon tea.
Missy stirs her tea and lightly taps her spoon
against the teacup three times.
Chris explains his family situation, that
his father left when he was young and his
mother died after being hit by a car when
he was 11.
Chris is uneasy, that’s when Dean talks
about his smoking addiction and that Missy
can help him with his nicotine addiction through
hypnosis, but he doesn't feel cool with people
tooling around in his head.
While pouring Chris a drink, Georgina sort
of short-circuits, and Missy tells her to
go get some rest.
The Armitages tell Rose that they're having
their big party tomorrow.
She's surprised and they remind her that it's
the same day every year.
Rose's brother Jeremy arrives.
He's an aggressive spoiled rich kid.
That night at dinner a drunk Jeremy starts
telling stories about Rose, when Missy goes
to get dessert, Chris sees Georgina standing
with a cake in an intimidating pose, he starts
getting unsettled.
Chris and Rose retire to their room where
she apologizes for her family and they go
to sleep.
Chris can’t fall asleep so he sneaks out
for a smoke.
While outside he sees Walter charging at him
in the distance, but at the last moment he
makes a sharp turn and runs off.
Shortly after he gets frightened by Georgina
staring at her reflection in the glass door,
making him unsettled.
When sneaking back to his room, Missy intercepts
him by turning on a light.
She reiterates that smoking is a bad habit
and insists on helping him quit.
He sits down but mocks the notion of hypnotism,
unaware that she is slowly hypnotizing him,
using her teaspoon as a focus object.
She brings him back to the night his mom died
when he was 11 and starts asking him questions
which he is uncomfortable answering but he
doesn't seem to be in control anymore.
Chris is doing the same thing he did back
then, digging his nails into the arms of the
chair and starts feeling pain and regret,
for not doing more that day.
She taps her teacup with her spoon three times
and tells him to sink.
Eleven-year-old Chris sinks into his bed,
while present-day Chris sinks into blackness,
seeing himself and Missy far above.
His consciousness has left his body, which
is paralyzed in the chair.
Chris wakes up, thinking that all of that
was a nightmare.
He sees that Rod has sent him a picture of
him pretending to give his dog beer and plugs
in his phone.
He makes small talk with Walter, and gets
weirded out by his responses, he also learns
that last night wasn’t a dream.
Chris tells Rose that he thinks her mom hypnotized
him last night; he has vague recollection
of what happened and the thought of a cigarette
makes him want to throw up.
The Armitages' wealthy friends arrive for
the big party.
It's mostly older white people who keep making
comments about his build and looks.
He gets uncomfortable and wanders off.
He notices another black guy (Andre), about
the same age as him and Chris tries to bond
with him, but he also acts stiff and unnatural
like Walter and Georgina.
When a lady comes to separate them Chris tries
to fist bump him, instead, Andre grabs his
hand like a handshake.
The lady brings him to a group of people and
Andre shows himself off.
Something about him feels familiar to Chris.
He then leaves and finds a blind man named
Jim who says that all the people at the party
are ignorant.
He's an art dealer and Chris is well aware
of who he is.
Jim says that he's a fan of Chris's work.
He recognizes the irony of a blind art dealer
but tells him that he has a really good assistant
who is great at describing pieces.
Chris feels like this was his first normal
conversation today.
As he enters the house, all the guests are
talking, but when Chris gets up the stairs
they go completely silent and listen to what
he does.
He goes in the room and finds his phone unplugged.
Chris calls Rod and tells him everything that’s
been going on.
Rod becomes overly suspicious and starts connecting
the dots, like how the other black people
there are hypnotized and that he needs to
get out of there.
Chris tells him to cut the crap and hangs
up.
Chris tells Rose that someone unplugged his
phone and how weird everything is.
She tells him he's just being paranoid because
he's in an uncomfortable situation and walks
away.
Chris is about to leave, he's blocked by Georgina
who apologizes for unplugging his “cellular
phone” in an unusual manner.
He says that it's fine and that he didn't
mean to rat her out.
She doesn't understand.
So he clarifies that he didn't mean to get
her in trouble.
She gets weird and lets out a single tear
while telling him that the Armitages treat
her like family.
He just assumes that Georgina is crazy.
Chris goes back outside and tries to discreetly
take Logan's picture with his phone to send
it to Rod, but has forgotten to turn off the
flash.
As soon as his phone flashes he goes from
overly prim and proper to gibberish.
His nose starts bleeding and he jumps at Chris
telling him, "Get out!
Get the hell out while you still can!"
Rose is freaked out now too.
She asks her dad what happened and he explains
that the flash just caused the man to have
a seizure.
The man comes out and apologizes for upsetting
everyone and says he must return home.
Chris and Rose go for a walk and Chris tells
her that he's sure he recognized the guy and
that something strange is definitely going
on.
She agrees by saying that it did not seem
like a seizure at all.
Chris says that he'd really like to go home
now.
Rose reluctantly agrees.
She says she will make up something to tell
her parents.
Meanwhile at the terrace, Dean is holding
a silent auction with his guests, who hold
up bingo cards to bid.
Next to him is a picture of Chris.
Jim wins the auction.
Chris goes to pack his belongings and gets
a call from Rod, who tells him that the guy
in the picture is a guy they knew named Andre,
who used to work at a movie theater but went
missing some weeks ago.
The phone battery dies.
Chris notices that the closet door is open.
He looks inside and finds a red box filled
with photos of Rose posed romantically with
many other black guys.
There are also photos of her with both Walter
and Georgina, who don't resemble the robotic
versions Chris has met.
Apparently Chris isn't the first black guy
Rose has been with after all.
Rose returns and Chris says that he needs
the keys to put their bags in the car.
She looks for them in her purse as they make
their way downstairs.
Jeremy is blocking the front door.
Dean and Missy are there too.
Jeremy aggressively nears Chris, but Missy
and Dean tell him to calm down.
Chris keeps telling Rose to get the keys.
Missy and Dean tell Chris that they don't
want him to leave.
Chris asks for the keys again, and Rose says,
very calmly while holding them in her hand:
"You know I can't give you the keys."
Chris finally realizes that Rose also is in
on whatever this is.
Jeremy attacks Chris.
Missy clinks the teaspoon on her glass, causing
Chris to sink back into the void again.
The Armitage family drag him to the basement.
Rod keeps trying to call Chris, but it's going
straight to voicemail.
He looks up the guy’s picture Chris sent
him and sees that he went missing half a year
ago.
Rod goes to the police, explaining his theory
of some white folks brainwashing black people
and making them their slaves.
Police burst out laughing.
Nobody takes him seriously.
Chris wakes up to find himself strapped to
a chair in front of a mounted deer head and
an old TV set.
He watches a video made by Dean's father that
talks about immortality.
The teacup and spoon appear on the screen,
and he blacks out again.
Rod tries Chris's phone again and Rose answers.
She lies by saying that Chris left two days
ago and she's concerned about his whereabouts.
Rod tells her that he went to the police and
Rose seems concerned.
Rod starts to realize something is wrong,
so he tries to record the call, but when he
starts talking to her again, she tells him
she knows he has the hots for her.
He tells her she's crazy and hangs up.
Chris wakes up and Jim is on the screen.
He tells Chris that they're going to swap
brains.
The other people at the party were all about
being black, but Jim couldn't care less about
that.
What he really wants is to be able to see
the world through Chris's eyes.
Dean has perfected the neurosurgery to make
this all possible.
And Missy hypnotizes the body donors to prepare
them for the procedure.
He will continue existing in the void but
will be able to continue as sort of a "passenger."
The flashing is an unfortunate side effect,
as they saw earlier at the party.
With a ting of the teaspoon - Chris is out.
Dean and Jeremy prepare Jim for a brain transplant.
Jeremy goes to get Chris.
He is unconscious.
Jeremy takes off his restraints, and as he
is getting infusion ready, Chris smashes his
head with a ball, knocking him out.
Chris stuffed padding from the chair in his
ears to block the sound of the teaspoon.
Dean calls for Jeremy and goes out of the
lab area to look for him.
Chris rushes him and impales him with the
deer antlers from the other room.
He knocks over a candle that ignites the blanket
covering Jim.
Chris goes upstairs and finds Missy.
She goes for the teacup and spoon, but Chris
beats her to them and smashes the cup.
Instead she attacks him with a knife, impaling
his palm, he turns the blade in his hand and
stabs her to death.
Chris goes for the front door, but Jeremy
jumps him and puts him in a chokehold.
As Jeremy kicks the door, Chris stabs him
in the leg, breaks his skull with brutal head
stomps, and takes his keys.
Rose has earbuds in and isn't aware any of
this is going on.
While she listens to music, she is googling
images of handsome-looking black men with
good physiques.
Chris runs outside and gets into Jeremy's
car.
He starts driving but hits Georgina.
Rose hears this through her earbuds.
He can't just let Georgina lie there, so he
gets her in the car and continues down the
driveway.
Rose gets out of the house with a gun and
whispers “grandma”.
Georgina wakes up and attacks him.
In the process, her wig falls off and he sees
she has a scar across her head from a brain
transplant.
They crash into a tree and she dies.
Suddenly, the rearview mirror is blown away.
Rose is coming after Chris with a rifle.
From out of nowhere, Walter runs past Rose
to pursue Chris, and Rose says, "Get him,
Grandpa," as he tackles Chris.
They wrestle on the ground, and Chris takes
his picture.
Flash!
Walter turns and asks Rose for her rifle.
She gives it to him, and he shoots her in
the stomach before turning the rifle on himself.
Rose is on the ground bleeding out.
She puts a hand on his cheek and tells Chris
that she loves him.
Chris starts to choke Rose but stops.
A police car pulls up.
Rose calls weakly for help, knowing how it
looks and that Chris will be held responsible
for everything.
But it's Rod stepping out of the police car.
Chris gets into the car.
Rod looks at the chaos and says, "Man, I told
you not to go in that house."
The end.
Thank you for watching!
Subscribe if you'd like to see more videos
like this.